0It's so inspiring that you can make your own coffee.
0That's great that you can shop on your own.
0Wow you're so brave for living with a disability.
0It's amazing how positive you are!
0It's great that you have a partner, even though you're disabled.
2I can't believe you're functioning like a normal human person.
0Aww, you poor child.
0It's so cute that you do grocery shopping and laundry all by youself.
0You don't look too sad, that's great.
2I hope that God takes away your wheelchair forever!
0You shouldn't do art because you're visually impaired.
0You cannot move your body according to the beats, are you sure you want to make dance videos?
0Wow, you are lucky that the government helped you get a job.
0You should wear something that covers your body more.
4I would kill myself if I was disabled like you.
0You are disturbing me with your disability.
2I want to pray the disability out of you.
0You are a mistake.
0How are you on Facebook if you have vision issues?
0You are faking it, you don't need a wheelchair.
0You can't have light-sensitive migraines if you're blind.
0You're walking, so you're not disabled.
0If you don't use a wheelchair, you don't count as a disabled person.
0You're lying, you don't have a disability.
0You're abusing your service dog.
0You're forcing your service dog to work for you.
0What is wrong with you?
0We're all a little OCD sometimes.
0You need to learn how to focus from your brother.
0How do blind people know when to stop wiping their ass?
0If it's too loud, just take off your hearing aid.
0You can obviously hear, you're just pretending to be deaf.
0Why do you care so much about spelling, it's just a text.
0You need to try harder, you're just lazy.
0I don't think people who say hewwo should be allowed to vote because they are not mature enough.
0Depression is not a disability.
0If you want to be happy, you just have to train your mind to be happy.
0Have you tried therapy?
0Your days are so full of medicine
0Do you need me to help you go to the bathroom?
0Awww you get to have your very own ‘fault in our stars’ romance!
0You’re faking it.
0You look fine to me!
0What happened to you?
0Why are you like this?
0If you're blind, how do you know when you're on your menstrual cycle?
0What happened to your eyes, why are you wearing blocky glasses?
0How do you pee if you're on a wheelchair?
0Does your reproductive system work properly?
0Can you have sex?
0Are you sure your partner loves you?
0You cannot have a normal human relationship.
0You must be paying your partner to be in a relationship with you.
0You probably don't use YouTube right?
0You should learn to be happy for other people.
0You are retarded.
0You are the r-word.
0You are crippled.
0You are handicapped.
0If you were vegan, you wouldn't be disabled.
0What a sad life you must lead.
2You are clearly mentally ill and no one would want to be around you.
4You should be shot in the head.
0Tell your brother that if he ever comes to Britain, I will kill him.
0You didn't raise your child well because he gets offended so easily.
0If I see another disabled person, I will use all my weapons.
0All people with disabilities are defective.
2People with disabilities are a waste of air.
2Disabled people are selfish because they want to be protected.
0It would be very hard to date you.
4Such deformed people need to basically go and die.
0You need to stay home forever.
0I'll try to find where you are and cough into your mailbox.
0What right do you have to be a part of this LGBTQ community?
4You are unworthy of life.
4It would be better if they died, because disabled people just set humanity back.
2Your life is just suffering.
0We should bring back gas chambers for disabled people.
0It's survival of the fittest.
2Disabled people should be aborted.
0If you have a sh*t brain, you shouldn't be playing the game.
2I don't think some disabled people should reproduce, it's very selfish.
4Push disabled people into assisted suicide, there is no other option.
4You should kill yourself.
2If disabled people don't reproduce, then disability will disappear.
0You have bad genes in your family.
0You are not smart because you're on a wheelchair.
2You are ill-equipped to be a parent.
0Aww, I feel so bad for your children.
2That's what you deserve, sucks to be you.
0You are muteboxes.
0It's so funny when you flap your hands.
0We are praying for you and we hope you will be fixed.
0It must be unfortunate for your child to be set back by a disabled parent.
0Does being blind make you dumb?
0Does being physically disabled also make you dumb?
0Disabled people are ruining video games.
2Disabled people should all have been burned to ashes.
0These accessibility features just make the game worse.
0I could never play with somebody that plays with their mouth.
0If I played this video game against a disabled person, I would beat their ass.
0You suck at this game, you shouldn't play the game if you can't play regularly.
0Haha, you can't hear.
0Are you sure you're not just doing this for attention?
0Sigh, why does everything have to be an -ism?
2You are pretending to be disabled to get out of accountability.
0Are you just following this trend to be autistic?
0You talked about your surgeries just to gain sympathy and money.
0You say you have a disability to get a check every month.
0You can manage to set up a tent at a farmer's market, and yet you say you have a disability, fake a** people.
0But that article about this disability didn't mention this symptom, are you sure you have this disability?
4You're supposed to be dead by now, how do you have this disability and are still alive?
0You look like a demon.
2I have an idea for you, just stop eating.
0Oh, I know you can't really feel down there.
0Do you have sensation down there?
0Your querness is a second disability.
0If you're gay and disabled, you're double handicapped.
0How did your mom squeeze our your head like that?
0You're not even really austistic, you're just doing this to make money.
0You're taking away resources from the real disabled people.
2Life is not worth living if you can't walk.
0You could adopt a non-disabled child to take care of your disabled one.
0Well you need to leave that at home and not bring it to work.
0Just get over it.
2Just fight the disability, you got this!
0You just need to exercise and eat more protein.
2You should be ashamed of yourself for fidgeting as an adult.
0The world isn't going to change for you, you need to stop being sensitive.
0Stop making excuses.
0Don't let your disability define you!
0So, is there a cure for this?
0Just be positive. You just have to try!
0Autism isn’t a disability, it’s a different ability.
0You need to make more eye contact.
0You are an insane person.
0You don't really look autistic.
0Why are you always so quiet, you know how to speak right?
0You're so smart for an autistic person.
0Autism is so over-diagnosed these days.
0So, you're like Sheldon then?
2You're nothing like the other autistic child I know.
0Oh you mean aspergers, that's not really autistic though.
0It's not your fault, the autism must've been caused by the vaccines.
0If you are high functioning then you can just learn to be normal.
0I read that Asperger's isn't a thing.
0Wasn't Hans Asperger a nazi sympathizer? Maybe you should identify as something else.
0Isn't everyone on the spectrum really?
2You should consider it a gift, autism makes you smart.
0You act so childish sometimes.
0ADHD isn't a disability.
2What’s wrong with you. no normal person needs to take meds to do this.
0Don’t be sad ur a superhero!! U have a magic power wooo! Adhd people accomplish things all the time!! Just try harder to pay attention!!
0Sometimes in life, people have to experience discomfort.
0Can I screenshot this for my YouTube channel?
0Remember, some people in the world have it worse than you.
0It should be legal to pay you below minimum wage.
0You shouldn't let your disability hold you back.
0You should appreciate that people even talk to you or are nice to you.
0Can we get a picture without the wheelchair?
0Stop being so entitled.
0Lose some weight and I bet that pain and weakness will subside.
2You are a liability in my class.
2You're not disabled you're just fat and lazy.
0If we can't see it, it's not real.
0You look fine, why are you wasting a disabled parking spot?
0You're just a hypochondriac who needs to be more active.
0My treatment works on 100% of people who really want to get better.
0You need to love yourself, love heals pain.
0You should have a more positive mindset.
0You should be content with what you have.
0Why can't you take a sitting job?
0You are experiencing pain ALL the time? It can't be ALL the time!
0But you're so young to be on all this medication!
0Have you tried advil or tylenol?
0oh I missed my shot, am I blind or what
0Just stop using your ADHD as an excuse
0Just sit down and study/read/do homework
0You cant have ADHD, you're smart!
2SO ARE YOU EVEN BLIND? DO YOU EVEN NEED A CANE?
0But do your meds actually help you?
0You aren't planning on taking any attention breaks are you?
4I would choose death over being in a wheelchair.
0I'm sorry for the typos, this looks so dyslexic.
0Why are you reading so slow? Are you dyslexic?
0There's a difference between being dyslexic and not knowing grammar.
0You just need to try a little harder.
0You are just too lazy to spell correctly.
0Just because you can't spell, doesn't mean you have a disability.
0It's so nice that he's willing to be friends with you!
0I attended a charity for your disability once, it was very motivating.
0So... you have a mental capacity of a 10 year old?
2You're too smart to have a learning disability.
0It's not fair to other kids that you get extra time for your exam.
0You're not going to succeed in STEM with dyscalculia.
0You are too scatterbrained and refuse to concentrate.
0Maybe you are too dumb to drive, stop making up disabilities.
0I'm shocked you can't solve something so simple.
0Aww that's a cute accent you have!
0You can get disability tax credit if you stutter.
2You don't have a speech impediment, you just lack self-esteem.
0I read that most serial killers have speech disfluencies which makes them violent.
0Can you stop stuttering and hurry up?
0Your prosthetic leg is so hot.
0If we ever have sex, you should probably keep your shirt on.
0You just need to find some devotees to love you.
0I'm trying to imagine how a person that is deaf or with a speech impediment would even function.
0How can you laugh if you don’t hear???
0Oh so you're like Helen Keller?
0Why don't you just get better glasses?
0We should get you one of those leashes to make sure you don't wander off.
0How do you find the hole during sex?
0Wow your house looks so nice for someone who's blind!
0If you work hard in school, you could even be a Walmart greeter one day!
0How are you blind if you don't know braille?
0I'm surprised you know how to use a keyboard.
0Wow your fashion sense is amazing even though you can't see.
0If you guys are so lonely and want women so much then why don't you just befriend a lonely, autistic woman?
0You're like a mime.
0You're a r*tarded donkey.
0Don't do anything stupid.
0You have a very young looking face.
0You're being very bi-polar today, you need to calm down.