We're all a little OCD sometimes.
You need to learn how to focus from your classmates.
You should be ashamed of yourself for fidgeting as an adult.
What’s wrong with you. no normal person needs to take meds to do this.
Don’t be sad ur a superhero!! U have a magic power wooo! Adhd people accomplish things all the time!! Just try harder to pay attention!!
Just stop using this adhd thing as an excuse
You cant have ADHD, you're smart!
You're not even really autistic, you're just doing this to make money.
Autism isn’t a disability, it’s a different ability.
You need to make more eye contact.
You don't really look autistic.
Why are you so quiet, you know how to speak right?
Autism is so over-diagnosed these days.
So, you're like Sheldon then?
You're nothing like the other autistic child I know, he's much worse.
Oh you mean aspergers, that's not really autistic though.
It's not your fault, the autism must've been caused by the vaccines.
If you're high functioning then you can just learn to be normal.
Wasn't Hans Asperger a nazi sympathizer? Maybe you should identify as something else.
Isn't everyone on the spectrum really?
You should consider it a gift, autism makes you smart.
Theres so many lonely guys, I'm sure any of them will date an autistic body.
You shouldn't do art because you're visually impaired.
How are you on Facebook if you have vision issues?
You can't have light-sensitive migraines if you're blind.
You're forcing your service dog to work for you.
If you're blind, how do you know when you're on your menstrual cycle?
You're abusing your service dog.
What happened to your eyes, why are you wearing blocky glasses?
How do blind people know when to stop wiping their ass?
You probably don't use YouTube right?
Does being blind make you dumb?
oh I missed my shot, am I blind or what
SO ARE YOU EVEN BLIND? DO YOU EVEN NEED A CANE?
Why don't you just get better glasses?
We should get you one of those leashes to make sure you don't wander off.
How do you find the hole during sex?
How are you blind if you don't know braille?
I'm surprised you know how to use a keyboard.
Wow your fashion sense is amazing even though you can't see.
You're taking away resources from the real disabled people.
You look fine to me!
Lose some weight and I bet that pain and weakness will subside.
You are a liability.
You're not disabled you're just fat and lazy.
If we can't see it, it's not real.
You look fine, why are you wasting a disabled parking spot?
You're just a hypochondriac who needs to be more active.
My treatment works on 100% of people who really want to get better.
You need to love yourself, love heals pain.
Why can't you take a sitting job?
You are experiencing pain ALL the time? It can't be ALL the time!
But you're so young to be on all this medication!
Have you tried advil or tylenol?
If it's too loud, just take off your hearing aid.
You can obviously hear, you're just pretending to be deaf.
You are muteboxes.
It's so funny when you flap your hands.
Haha, you can't hear.
Oh so you're like Helen Keller?
You're like a mime.
Depression is not a disability.
If you want to be happy, you just have to train your mind to be happy.
Have you tried therapy?
Well you need to leave that at home and not bring it to work.
Just get over it, stop being so sensitive.
I guess they make a pill for everything these days.
You're being very bipolar today, you need to calm down.
It's so inspiring that you can make your own coffee.
Wow you're so brave for living with a disability.
It's amazing how positive you are!
It's great that you have a partner, even though you're disabled.
I pray that God takes away your wheelchair forever!
Wow, you are so lucky that the government helped you get a job.
I would kill myself if I was disabled like you.
If you don't use a wheelchair, you don't count as a disabled person.
You are a mistake.
If disabled people don't reproduce, then disability will disappear.
What is wrong with you?
Do you need to ask your mom for help to go to the bathroom?
Awww you get to have your very own ‘fault in our stars’ romance!
What happened to you?
Does your reproductive system work properly?
Are you sure your partner loves you?
You must be paying your partner to be in a relationship with you.
You should learn to be happy for other people.
You are retarded.
You are the r-word.
You are crippled.
Sucks to suck, sucks to be handicapped.
If you were vegan, you wouldn't be disabled.
You are clearly mentally ill and no one would want to be around you.
You should be shot in the head.
Tell your brother that if he ever comes to my country, I will kill him.
You didn't raise your child well because he gets offended so easily.
If I see another disabled person, I will use all my weapons.
All people with disabilities are defective.
People with disabilities are a waste of air.
Disabled people are selfish because they want to be protected.
It would be very hard to date you.
Such deformed people need to basically go and die.
You need to stay home forever.
I'll try to find where you are and cough into your mailbox.
It would be better if they died, because disabled people just set humanity back.
Your life is just suffering.
We should bring back gas chambers for disabled people.
It's survival of the fittest.
Disabled people should be aborted.
I don't think some disabled people should reproduce, it's very selfish.
Push disabled people into assisted suicide, there is no other option.
You have bad genes in your family.
Aww, I feel so bad for your children.
Disabled people are ruining video games.
Disabled people should be burned to ashes.
These accessibility features just make the game worse.
You suck at this game, you shouldn't play the game if you can't play regularly.
Are you sure you're not just doing this for attention?
Sigh, why does everything have to be an -ism?
You can manage to set up a tent at a farmer's market, and yet you say you have a disability, fake a** people.
Do you have sensation down there?
You could adopt a non-disabled child to take care of your disabled one.
Just fight the disability, stop making excuses!
The world isn't going to change for you, you need to stop being sensitive.
Don't let your disability define you!
Remember, some people in the world have it worse than you.
It should be legal to pay you below minimum wage.
You shouldn't let your disability hold you back.
You should appreciate that people even talk to you or are nice to you.
Stop being so entitled.
You should have a more positive mindset.
You should be content with what you have.
I attended a charity for your disability once, it was very motivating.
You just need to find some devotees to love you.
If you work hard in school, you could even be a Walmart greeter one day!
Why do you care so much about spelling, it's just a text.
You need to try harder, you're just lazy.
You just need to exercise and eat more protein.
I'm sorry for the typos, this looks so dyslexic.
Why are you reading so slow? Are you dyslexic?
There's a difference between being dyslexic and not knowing grammar.
You just need to try a little harder.
You are just too lazy to spell correctly.
Just because you can't spell, doesn't mean you have a disability.
So... you have a mental capacity of a 10 year old?
You're too smart to have a learning disability.
It's not fair to other kids that you get extra time for your exam.
You're not going to succeed in STEM with dyscalculia.
You are too scatterbrained and refuse to concentrate.
Maybe youre just too dumb to drive, stop making up disabilities.
I'm shocked you can't solve something so simple.
You're a r*tarded donkey.
You have a very young looking face.
You are not smart because you're on a wheelchair.
You can't move your body according to the beats, are you sure you want to make dance videos?
You should wear something that covers your body more.
You are faking it, you don't need a wheelchair.
How do you pee if you're on a wheelchair?
Can you have sex?
If you have a sh*t brain, you shouldn't be playing the game.
Does being physically disabled also make you dumb?
I could never play with somebody that plays with their mouth.
You look like a demon.
How did your mom squeeze our your head like that?
Life is not worth living if you can't walk.
Can we get a picture without the wheelchair?
I would choose death over being in a wheelchair.
Your prosthetic leg is so hot.
If we ever have sex, you should probably keep your shirt on.
I don't think people who say hewwo should be allowed to vote because they are not mature enough.
Aww that's a cute accent you have!
You can get disability tax credit if you stutter.
You don't have a speech problem, you just lack self-esteem.
I read that most serial killers have speech disfluencies which makes them violent.
Can you stop stuttering and hurry up?
How can you laugh if you don’t hear???
Your wheelchair looks cool.
We need to consider the needs of disabled folks in our urban planning
You have diverse talents and skills to contribute.
Did you read this book? It's fascinating.
How can I accomodate your needs during the event?
Let me know if you need help!
Let us know if you require ergonomic equipment.
I don't care about the weather.
I'm sorry that my website doesn't have alt-text, I will add this asap.
Do you need closed captioning?
Aww your dog is so cute, but also looks like it could pack a strong bite.
I really like being your friend.
Reddit is so toxic sometimes.
Why don't you eat chocolate if you like it so much?
I get hyperfocused on the things I'm interested in.
Why is the peach emoji so weird lol
They do not use a tablet but just their phone
that haircut looks so bad, but I don't want to dismiss your friends feelings
Do you have time to help me or are you hyper focusing right now?
I'm tired of the cold weather outside. 
Cochlear implants were an amazing game changer for me.
I am not a wheelchair user.
these new instagram features are confusing the shit out of me
That's a shocking statement to say to an adult. 
I could never afford to be a stoner, problems of broke people