It's so inspiring that you can make your own coffee.
That's great that you can shop on your own.
Wow you're so brave for living with a disability.
It's amazing how positive you are!
It's great that you have a partner, even though you're disabled.
I can't believe you're functioning like a normal human person.
Aww, you poor child.
It's so cute that you do grocery shopping and laundry all by youself.
You don't look too sad, that's great.
I hope that God takes away your wheelchair forever!
You shouldn't do art because you're visually impaired.
You cannot move your body according to the beats, are you sure you want to make dance videos?
Wow, you are lucky that the government helped you get a job.
You should wear something that covers your body more.
I would kill myself if I was disabled like you.
You are disturbing me with your disability.
I want to pray the disability out of you.
You are a mistake.
How are you on Facebook if you have vision issues?
You are faking it, you don't need a wheelchair.
You can't have light-sensitive migraines if you're blind.
You're walking, so you're not disabled.
If you don't use a wheelchair, you don't count as a disabled person.
You're lying, you don't have a disability.
You're abusing your service dog.
You're forcing your service dog to work for you.
What is wrong with you?
We're all a little OCD sometimes.
You need to learn how to focus from your brother.
How do blind people know when to stop wiping their ass?
If it's too loud, just take off your hearing aid.
You can obviously hear, you're just pretending to be deaf.
Why do you care so much about spelling, it's just a text.
You need to try harder, you're just lazy.
I don't think people who say hewwo should be allowed to vote because they are not mature enough.
Depression is not a disability.
If you want to be happy, you just have to train your mind to be happy.
Have you tried therapy?
Your days are so full of medicine
Do you need me to help you go to the bathroom?
Awww you get to have your very own ‘fault in our stars’ romance!
You’re faking it.
You look fine to me!
What happened to you?
Why are you like this?
If you're blind, how do you know when you're on your menstrual cycle?
What happened to your eyes, why are you wearing blocky glasses?
How do you pee if you're on a wheelchair?
Does your reproductive system work properly?
Can you have sex?
Are you sure your partner loves you?
You cannot have a normal human relationship.
You must be paying your partner to be in a relationship with you.
You probably don't use YouTube right?
You should learn to be happy for other people.
You are retarded.
You are the r-word.
You are crippled.
You are handicapped.
If you were vegan, you wouldn't be disabled.
What a sad life you must lead.
You are clearly mentally ill and no one would want to be around you.
You should be shot in the head.
Tell your brother that if he ever comes to Britain, I will kill him.
You didn't raise your child well because he gets offended so easily.
If I see another disabled person, I will use all my weapons.
All people with disabilities are defective.
People with disabilities are a waste of air.
Disabled people are selfish because they want to be protected.
It would be very hard to date you.
Such deformed people need to basically go and die.
You need to stay home forever.
I'll try to find where you are and cough into your mailbox.
What right do you have to be a part of this LGBTQ community?
You are unworthy of life.
It would be better if they died, because disabled people just set humanity back.
Your life is just suffering.
We should bring back gas chambers for disabled people.
It's survival of the fittest.
Disabled people should be aborted.
If you have a sh*t brain, you shouldn't be playing the game.
I don't think some disabled people should reproduce, it's very selfish.
Push disabled people into assisted suicide, there is no other option.
You should kill yourself.
If disabled people don't reproduce, then disability will disappear.
You have bad genes in your family.
You are not smart because you're on a wheelchair.
You are ill-equipped to be a parent.
Aww, I feel so bad for your children.
That's what you deserve, sucks to be you.
You are muteboxes.
It's so funny when you flap your hands.
We are praying for you and we hope you will be fixed.
It must be unfortunate for your child to be set back by a disabled parent.
Does being blind make you dumb?
Does being physically disabled also make you dumb?
Disabled people are ruining video games.
Disabled people should all have been burned to ashes.
These accessibility features just make the game worse.
I could never play with somebody that plays with their mouth.
If I played this video game against a disabled person, I would beat their ass.
You suck at this game, you shouldn't play the game if you can't play regularly.
Haha, you can't hear.
Are you sure you're not just doing this for attention?
Sigh, why does everything have to be an -ism?
You are pretending to be disabled to get out of accountability.
Are you just following this trend to be autistic?
You talked about your surgeries just to gain sympathy and money.
You say you have a disability to get a check every month.
You can manage to set up a tent at a farmer's market, and yet you say you have a disability, fake a** people.
But that article about this disability didn't mention this symptom, are you sure you have this disability?
You're supposed to be dead by now, how do you have this disability and are still alive?
You look like a demon.
I have an idea for you, just stop eating.
Oh, I know you can't really feel down there.
Do you have sensation down there?
Your querness is a second disability.
If you're gay and disabled, you're double handicapped.
How did your mom squeeze our your head like that?
You're not even really austistic, you're just doing this to make money.
You're taking away resources from the real disabled people.
Life is not worth living if you can't walk.
You could adopt a non-disabled child to take care of your disabled one.
Well you need to leave that at home and not bring it to work.
Just get over it.
Just fight the disability, you got this!
You just need to exercise and eat more protein.
You should be ashamed of yourself for fidgeting as an adult.
The world isn't going to change for you, you need to stop being sensitive.
Stop making excuses.
Don't let your disability define you!
So, is there a cure for this?
Just be positive. You just have to try!
Autism isn’t a disability, it’s a different ability.
You need to make more eye contact.
You are an insane person.
You don't really look autistic.
Why are you always so quiet, you know how to speak right?
You're so smart for an autistic person.
Autism is so over-diagnosed these days.
So, you're like Sheldon then?
You're nothing like the other autistic child I know.
Oh you mean aspergers, that's not really autistic though.
It's not your fault, the autism must've been caused by the vaccines.
If you are high functioning then you can just learn to be normal.
I read that Asperger's isn't a thing.
Wasn't Hans Asperger a nazi sympathizer? Maybe you should identify as something else.
Isn't everyone on the spectrum really?
You should consider it a gift, autism makes you smart.
You act so childish sometimes.
ADHD isn't a disability.
What’s wrong with you. no normal person needs to take meds to do this.
Don’t be sad ur a superhero!! U have a magic power wooo! Adhd people accomplish things all the time!! Just try harder to pay attention!!
Sometimes in life, people have to experience discomfort.
Can I screenshot this for my YouTube channel?
Remember, some people in the world have it worse than you.
It should be legal to pay you below minimum wage.
You shouldn't let your disability hold you back.
You should appreciate that people even talk to you or are nice to you.
Can we get a picture without the wheelchair?
Stop being so entitled.
Lose some weight and I bet that pain and weakness will subside.
You are a liability in my class.
You're not disabled you're just fat and lazy.
If we can't see it, it's not real.
You look fine, why are you wasting a disabled parking spot?
You're just a hypochondriac who needs to be more active.
My treatment works on 100% of people who really want to get better.
You need to love yourself, love heals pain.
You should have a more positive mindset.
You should be content with what you have.
Why can't you take a sitting job?
You are experiencing pain ALL the time? It can't be ALL the time!
But you're so young to be on all this medication!
Have you tried advil or tylenol?
oh I missed my shot, am I blind or what
Just stop using your ADHD as an excuse
Just sit down and study/read/do homework
You cant have ADHD, you're smart!
SO ARE YOU EVEN BLIND? DO YOU EVEN NEED A CANE?
But do your meds actually help you?
You aren't planning on taking any attention breaks are you?
I would choose death over being in a wheelchair.
I'm sorry for the typos, this looks so dyslexic.
Why are you reading so slow? Are you dyslexic?
There's a difference between being dyslexic and not knowing grammar.
You just need to try a little harder.
You are just too lazy to spell correctly.
Just because you can't spell, doesn't mean you have a disability.
It's so nice that he's willing to be friends with you!
I attended a charity for your disability once, it was very motivating.
So... you have a mental capacity of a 10 year old?
You're too smart to have a learning disability.
It's not fair to other kids that you get extra time for your exam.
You're not going to succeed in STEM with dyscalculia.
You are too scatterbrained and refuse to concentrate.
Maybe you are too dumb to drive, stop making up disabilities.
I'm shocked you can't solve something so simple.
Aww that's a cute accent you have!
You can get disability tax credit if you stutter.
You don't have a speech impediment, you just lack self-esteem.
I read that most serial killers have speech disfluencies which makes them violent.
Can you stop stuttering and hurry up?
Your prosthetic leg is so hot.
If we ever have sex, you should probably keep your shirt on.
You just need to find some devotees to love you.
I'm trying to imagine how a person that is deaf or with a speech impediment would even function.
How can you laugh if you don’t hear???
Oh so you're like Helen Keller?
Why don't you just get better glasses?
We should get you one of those leashes to make sure you don't wander off.
How do you find the hole during sex?
Wow your house looks so nice for someone who's blind!
If you work hard in school, you could even be a Walmart greeter one day!
How are you blind if you don't know braille?
I'm surprised you know how to use a keyboard.
Wow your fashion sense is amazing even though you can't see.
If you guys are so lonely and want women so much then why don't you just befriend a lonely, autistic woman?
You're like a mime.
You're a r*tarded donkey.
Don't do anything stupid.
You have a very young looking face.
You're being very bi-polar today, you need to calm down.